[Music]
first there is Gangnam style
now there's neat pan Manju from the trio
lady baby take a look
[Music]
okay so that is a version of j-pop with
I have no problem I'm just saying
expressing what we saw in the video
it's j-pop mixed with heavy metals - uh
the lead singers name is lady beard he
is a cross-dressing singer and
professional wrestler actually from
Australia who has been performing in
Japan since 2013 and scaring people
since roughly the same time I am a fan
of mashing up different styles there was
that song I don't remember what it's
called with Nelly and the Georgia line
group where they mix them yeah and rap I
like I like that um yes I do like I
don't like do you like the screaming
yeah well screaming has become so big in
music in the past ten years I guess it
was only it was only gonna take so long
before it got to an epod as well I think
it is obviously it's supposed to like be
in your face and kind of scary but I
kind of find the early part before the
wrong kind of scary too like the overly
cutesy purpose Aleeya I'm not saying
song before this too so the reason that
I find this to be interesting isn't
necessarily because of that particular
song or how it differs from other sorts
of j-pop and stuff like that but that
more that I've been wondering for a long
time what music is going to look like in
ten years or in 50 years because if you
look back to desires we I mean it's it's
as different as it could be like dubstep
and le laasa are really really far apart
from each other and things seem to be
getting more over time more and more
frantic and more and more electronic and
more and more produced and stuff like
that and so if that art continues are we
just gonna have like just like white
noise blasting us in the face I don't
know or maybe we'll actually have a
reversal where we'll go back to like
there will be some sort of like oh my
god that person's playing an instrument
that's amazing there's no it's just
acoustic oh my god maybe it'll go back
maybe yeah maybe or maybe it'll be like
a guy in a dress
with a beard screaming into the camera
yeah I mean I love I love kpop I love
j-pop I think they come up with really
cute videos and catchy tunes but I think
this is probably the best opportunity
for us to announce our music video
coming soon to YouTube near you
yeah where I'm gonna play the harmonica
and then she's gonna kick me in the nuts
um you guys what do you do I be good go
what are you guys thinking about this
video do you like this mashup of music
and do you think ladybeard uh is scary
let me know in the comments down below
and let's to the next
[Music]